what-i-do.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Services
permalink: /what-i-do/
weight: 2
---

I offer custom web design & development for small to medium size businesses.
I use the latest technologies the web has to offer. All sites are hand coded, well structured, seo friendly and semantically correct.

### Technologies

To achieve all the above I use HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, PHP, Git and some great Content Management Systems (CMS) and Frameworks:
[WordPress](http://wordpress.org), [Statamic](http://statamic.com), [Kirby](http://getkirby.com), [Craft CMS](http://buildwithcraft.com/) and sometimes others. All sites I develop are responsive to work on all kinds of screens and devices.
I'm open to new freelance projects. [Get in touch](mailto:me@joern.im)!

### What I do

web design, interface design, front end development, mobile design, translating designs into responsive html and css, cms integration, web strategy, social media integration

### What I don't do

web hosting, website maintenance, systems integration, SEM

Commit message:

added site variable for availability
Signed-off-by: Joern Bargmann <joernba@gmail.com>

what-i-do.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Services
permalink: /what-i-do/
weight: 2
---

I offer custom web design & development for small to medium size businesses.
I use the latest technologies the web has to offer. All sites are hand coded, well structured, seo friendly and semantically correct.

### Technologies

To achieve all the above I use HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, PHP, Git and some great Content Management Systems (CMS) and Frameworks:
[WordPress](http://wordpress.org), [Statamic](http://statamic.com), [Kirby](http://getkirby.com), [Craft CMS](http://buildwithcraft.com/) and sometimes others. All sites I develop are responsive to work on all kinds of screens and devices.
I’m available for new projects from {{ site.available_from }}. [Get in touch](mailto:me@joern.im)!

### What I do

web design, interface design, front end development, mobile design, translating designs into responsive html and css, cms integration, web strategy, social media integration

### What I don't do

web hosting, website maintenance, systems integration, SEM
